Code format (#38)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/style_guidelines/code-commands.adoc

[[code-examples]]
= Code examples

> Provide the source language if it is supported by the toolchain. Do not use the Bash source language for terminal commands; when representing a terminal prompt for a root command, it improperly interprets the # character as a comment.

Reviewer: ASD-STE100, the specification for Simplified Technical English [1] and [2], says regarding semicolons:

> 8.1 | Use all standard English punctuation marks except the semicolon (;).

[1] https://robertobertuol.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/ASD-STE100-ISSUE-7.pdf
[2] http://www.asd-ste100.org

Author: @stoobie any reason to follow ASD-STE100 and not the IBM usage on semicolons?

Reviewer: @cbudz  It's easier to understand, especially for a global audience. I have not yet encountered a situation where I couldn't easily replace a semicolon.

Reviewer 2: @cbudz, @stoobie, I'd avoid semicolons, if at all possible, even though IBM says that they're okay.

Author: @IngridT1 @stoobie I agree and would not use them in product documentation. I am, however, hesitant to go down the path to adopting individual punctuation elements  in our guide. In my opinion, minimalism is our standard for breaking down complex sentences to avoid punctuation like semicolons. Also piecemeal adoption of punctuation elements in style would create a rather annoying experience between our supplement and IBM. I'd rather leave guidance like that to IBM.

Reviewer 2: Oh, sure. Let's just focus on IBM. There are already so many places to look for guidance.

Reviewer 3: +1 for not using guidance outside of the IBM style guide since it's not officially what CCS follows.

> Provide the source language if it is supported by the toolchain. Do not use the Bash source language for terminal commands. Bash improperly interprets the number sign (#) as a comment instead of the prompt for a command run as the root user.

Reviewer 3: Even though it's in the heading, I'd suggest adding "to code examples" for more clarity. Also more specifics on the toolchain (Red Hat Customer Portal?).

```
Provide the source language for code examples if it is supported by the Red Hat Customer Portal toolchain.
```

> Provide the source language if it is supported by the Red Hat Customer Portal toolchain. Do not use the `bash` source language for terminal commands. It improperly interprets the number sign (#) as a comment instead of the prompt for a root command.

Reviewer 3: This should go under the `== Code example syntax highlighting` subheading below

> .Example Asciidoc

Reviewer 3: Asciidoc -> AsciiDoc

> [source, yaml]

Reviewer 3: You can't actually see this [source,yaml] since it's rendering. You should be able to indent the entire example by two spaces and have it all render in a code block.

Reviewer 3: Also, not critical, but I don't think there's supposed to be a space after the comma, even though it renders fine.

[[code-examples]]
= Code examples

> Provide the source language if it is supported by the toolchain. Do not use the Bash source language for terminal commands. Bash improperly interprets the number sign (#) as a comment instead of the prompt for a command run as the root user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, do not use `[source, bash]` for terminal commands. When representing a terminal prompt for a root command, `bash` improperly interprets the # character as a comment.
```
I think you're initial formulation was less ambiguous.

Reviewer 3: I'm fine with either way this was written, but I'd suggest saying `bash` instead of Bash, at least for the first instance.

Author: Did some light editing for clarity and implement your suggestion re `bash` in first instance @bergerhoffer
